feat(kpagination): reskin component [KKHCP-8993] (#2041)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/pagination.md

# Pagination

> KPagination is a component used for pagination.

Reviewer: Can we do a better description? This is repetitive

A total number of items inside the paginated data source. This prop is **required**.

```html
<KPagination :total-count="50"/>
```

### pageSizes

An array of numbers of page sizes that the user can choose from. The default page sizes are: `[15, 30, 50, 75, 100]`.

> You can provide custom page sizes. The first one in the array will be the initial page size unless otherwise specified through [`initialPageSize` prop](#initialpagesize).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide custom page sizes. The first number in the array will be the initial page size unless otherwise specified through the [`initialPageSize` prop](#initialpagesize).
```

<KPagination :total-count="100" :page-sizes="[10, 20, 30, 40]" />

```html
<KPagination :total-count="100" :page-sizes="[10, 20, 30, 40]" />
```

### initialPageSize

> An optional initial page size. If the value is not set, the first one of the available `pageSizes` is selected as a page size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional initial page size. If the value is not set, the first number in the `pageSizes` array is selected as the default.
```

<KPagination :total-count="1000" :neighbors="2" />

```html
<KPagination :total-count="1000" :neighbors="2" />
```

### disablePageJump

Restrict navigation to only previous/next page. Defaults to `false`.

<KComponent :data="{ letters: ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f', 'g', 'h', 'i'], visibleLetters: ['a', 'b', 'c']}" v-slot="{ data }">
  <div>
    <span><b>Visible letters: </b></span>
    <span v-for="letter in data.visibleLetters">{{ letter }} </span>
    <KPagination :items="data.letters" :total-count="data.letters.length" :page-sizes="[3]" disable-page-jump @page-change="({visibleItems}) => data.visibleLetters = visibleItems" />
  </div>
</KComponent>

```vue
<template>
  <span><b>Visible letters: </b></span>
  <span v-for="letter in visibleLetters">{{ letter }}</span>
  <KPagination
    disable-page-jump
    :items="letters"
    :total-count="letters.length"
    :page-sizes="[3]"
    @page-change="({visibleItems}) => visibleLetters = visibleItems" />
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
const letters = ref<string>(['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f', 'g', 'h', 'i'])
const visibleLetters = ref<string>(['a', 'b', 'c'])
</script>
```

### currentPage

> Manually control the current page instead of using native handling. If using this prop you **must** keep it up-to-date using the `@page-change` event in order to remain reactive to clicking the prev, next, and specific page buttons.

Reviewer: question: what is "native handling"? Description here should be a little more clear

Author: Updated

<KComponent :data="{ letters: ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f', 'g', 'h', 'i'], visibleLetters: ['d', 'e', 'f'], currPage: 2}" v-slot="{ data }">
  <div>
    <span><b>Visible letters: </b></span>
    <span v-for="letter in data.visibleLetters">{{ letter }}</span>
    <KPagination
      :items="data.letters"
      :total-count="data.letters.length"

>       :page-sizes="[3]"

Reviewer: question: why would we only show 1 page size? If this was the case, you wouldn't show the UI element

Author: Are you suggesting we don't display page size selection dropdown if there's only 1 option to choose from? This makes sense to me but I feel like we still need to indicate users ho many items per page are displayed...

Author: I suggest we display disabled dropdown and hide the caret icon, like so:

![Screenshot 2024-02-29 at 11 30 49 AM](https://github.com/Kong/kongponents/assets/36751160/77d7a5b0-489b-4867-adef-bbcc380cdd6b)

Reviewer: I think disabling is fine but curious if it makes sense as an example on the docs site

Author: I think it does - those examples are there to serve as example on page navigation, page size has it's own example

    @get-previous-offset="getPreviousOffset" />
</div>

```vue
<template>
  <span><b>Visible letters: </b></span>
  <span v-for="letter in visibleLetters">{{ letter }}</span>
  <KPagination
    offset
    :offset-previous-button-disabled="currentOffset === 0"
    :offset-next-button-disabled="(currentOffset + 1) === (letters.length/pageSize)"
    :items="letters"
    :total-count="letters.length"
    :page-sizes="[pageSize]"
    @get-next-offset="getNextOffset"
    @get-previous-offset="getPreviousOffset" />
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
const pageSize = 3
const letters = ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f', 'g', 'h', 'i']
const currentOffset = ref<number>(0)
const visibleLetters = ref<string>(offsetLetters.slice((currentOffset.value * 3), ((currentOffset.value * 3) + pageSize)))

const getNextOffset = () => {
  currentOffset.value++
  visibleLetters.value = offsetLetters.slice((currentOffset.value * 3), ((currentOffset.value * 3) + pageSize))
}

const getPreviousOffset = () => {
  currentOffset.value--
  visibleLetters.value = offsetLetters.slice((currentOffset.value * 3), ((currentOffset.value * 3) + pageSize))
}
</script>
```

### offsetPreviousButtonDisabled

> Pass in a boolean value for whether or not the offset-based Previous button should be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass in a boolean value for whether or not the offset-based previous button should be disabled.
```

### offsetNextButtonDisabled

> Pass in a boolean value for whether or not the offset-based Next button should be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass in a boolean value for whether or not the offset-based next button should be disabled.
```

## Events

### pageChange

> Emitted when the page has been changed. The event provides following information. All of the numbers are sent in a human-understandable base (starting at 1 instead of 0) to be used directly in UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emitted when the page has been changed. The page number is returned starting at 1 rather than 0 to be easier to use directly in the UI.
```
